More than 2 million
Palestinians live in Gaza.
About half of those are children.
Let's bring in Haneen Okal.
She's a Palestinian-American
from Union County in New Jersey.
She is currently stuck in Gaza City
with her three children.
They are 82 and a two month old.
They cannot get out.
Thank you so much. For joining us.
Has the US
embassy been able
to give you any help to get out?
How are you?
Yes,
we tried to contact the US Embassy
so many times.
Unfortunately, they couldn't
help us at all.
I contacted them through the phone,
via email.
I texted and I.
I called different numbers, but nobody
I couldn't hear back from any.
They said that we're going to call you
back within 24 hours or so on couple
hours. But they couldn't,
they couldn't at all
call us or
we didn't get any information from them.
I applied,
I submitted a form through the website,
but that didn't work as well.
And I don't know with what happened
with Erez crossing border
and what was happening
with the Rafah border,
I don't know if we're going to make it,
but I am absolutely looking forward
to the help of the US Embassy.
We are all here feeling abandoned.
That and we're
feeling that we're left alone.
So we really looking for the US Embassy
to help the US
citizens who are living in Gaza
That was just an Israeli airstrike out
that we just heard.
That was just an Israeli
airstrike that we just heard
our that we just heard
a lot of sound like a
a bomb or a missile.
Is that what we just heard?
Yes, we are.
Yes, that's happening. 24 hours
old time.
They're bombing all around
from south to north
to the center of Gaza.
Everywhere. Bombing is everywhere.
Your your kids, how are they doing
with that
It's terrible.
My kids are very scared
and they're afraid of that stuff
going on.
I have to explain all the time.
I have to calm them down and
trying to
make them feel comfortable, safe, and
trying to make them busy
with other things.
So they can feel afraid or scared
about like
they are like what happened with me,
for example, today
I was going trying to get out from Gaza.
I was going to the Rafah border.
And while we were going there,
we tried multiple ways to get out of
Gaza, going to the hospital so
we could make it.
And also,
my son saw all the locations destroyed
his favorite places.
He was he was shocked with what he saw.
So we had to see all that
and we had to go
through what we say.
Okay.
So it was like, you know,
you're going to death
Yes.
There needs to be a way
for you to get out.
I mean, you're not Hamas.
You're an innocent person
and you have three kids.
You need to be able to get out
You heard earlier
the suggestions from the IDF spokesman
I spoke with Saturday night.
Where are innocent
Palestinians supposed to go?
He said, you can go to the south,
you can go to the shore.
Is that at all realistic?
We just
we just heard about your attempt
to go to the border
crossing in the south,
and that didn't work.
Is there anywhere for you to go to escape
to escape this barrage of missiles?
No.
We tried everywhere.
They say go to the shore
and then they bombed the store. Next day.
They say go to the north
and then be bombed
the north areas next day,
like everywhere.
They're bombing everywhere.
So no place is safe here in Gaza Strip.
And
it's like it's just terrible
and very, very,
you know, very hard to explain.
Because they're bumping everywhere.
Well, I hope the wife
just a place
or like a place that is close to Hamas,
they're bombing places that
are not related to Hamas to like,
I don't know, everywhere.
Haneen.
Well, we have your number.
I know that the White House
watches this show
or the White House can call me
and we will put them in touch with you.
You and your kids need to get out safely
and you need to get out safe.
As soon as is humanly possible.
Please stay safe. Stay in touch with us.
We're going to do everything we
can to help you
and so much.
I appreciate it. Thank you.